It is important to think about needs versus wants.
As you learn about the capabilities of AWS for reliability and redundancy,
it is important to consider what level of
availability is required for a use case or environment.
Some non-critical cases require no redundancy,
while production environments typically require significant levels of redundancy.
In most cases, redundancy has cost.
Depending on the services you use,
redundancy can cost a lot.
Typically, redundancy costs at least double.
For example, in RDS,
take the instance cost and double it to have a hot standby,
triple it to have a read replica in another region.
Review the cost structure for what you're
building and weigh the costs against the benefits.
Keep in mind that cost comes in multiple forms: there is direct monetary expense,
as well as the cost of complexity,
which can take the form of higher learning curves or
difficulty in monitoring a system or diagnosing a problem.
When considering how to architect a service,
you should think about how a disruption
or data loss in that service would impact your business.
You'll need to think about what it will take to restore service,
as well as the contractual obligations to which your business has committed.